== OnLife Coding Exercise

This repository contains the code for a solution to the OnLife Coding Exercise.
The specification for the exercise is in <tt>exercise/Dev+Candidate+Exercise.pdf</tt>.

=== Installing the application

If you are installing from a compressed tar file, simply unpack the tar file:
   tar xvfz onfile.tgz

Otherwise, if you have installed the application by cloning a git repository,
you will need the bundler gem installed,
and then you can use the <tt>bundle install</tt> command to download the application's supporting gems:
   gem install bundler
   bundle install --path=vendor

You may need to change the Ruby version specified in the Gemfile.
Any Ruby version >= 2.1 should be able to run the application.

=== Running the application

The application has a command line interface.
To run the application, execute <tt>bin/onlife</tt> or <tt>bin/onlife stats</tt>.

==== Command line options

A number of options are available.
The options can be listed by running <tt>bin/onlife help stats</tt>.
The options include:

* <tt>--format</tt>, for choosing JSON, XML, or text (default) as the output format

* <tt>--outfile</tt>, for specifying an output file.  If this option is omitted, the output is sent to the screen.

* <tt>--player-data</tt>, <tt>--batting-data</tt>.  These options specify the input data files.

=== Running the test suite

The application includes an automated test suite.
You can run the full suite with <tt>rake</tt> or <tt>rake test</tt> command.

=== Ruby version

The application was written for Ruby 2.1.2, but it should work with any Ruby version >= 2.1.
The Ruby version is specified in the Gemfile, if you need to change it.
